[Cody GA Docs] Improve and Update Cody Gateway docs (#58175)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cody/core-concepts/cody-gateway.md

# Sourcegraph Cody Gateway

> <p class="subtitle">Learn how Cody Gateway powers the default Sourcegraph provider to facilitate Enterprise instances.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="subtitle">Learn how Cody Gateway powers the default Sourcegraph provider for completions and embeddings to facilitate Cody functionality in Enterprise instances.</p>
```

Also, Cody Gateway isn't only available to Enterprise users - it is also used by App OOTB

Reviewer: However, covering everything might make this blurb rather long, so maybe we can just keep it vague, e.g.

```suggestion
<p class="subtitle">Learn how Cody Gateway powers the default Sourcegraph provider for completions and embeddings to facilitate Cody features.</p>
```

Author: This is a better version. :)

> <p class="subtitle">Learn how to use Cody Gateway powers the default Sourcegraph provider to facilitate Enterprise instances.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="subtitle">Learn how to Cody Gateway powers the default Sourcegraph provider to facilitate Enterprise instances.</p>
```

Rate limits, quotas, and model availability are also configured per Cody feature - for example, you will have separate rate limits for Cody chat, Cody completions, and Cody embeddings.

In addition to the above, we may throttle concurrent requests to Cody Gateway per Sourcegraph Enterprise instance or Cody App user to prevent excessive burst consumption.

>NOTE: You can reach out for more details about Sourcegraph Cody Gateway access available to you and how you can gain access to higher rate limits, quotas, and/or model options.

## Privacy and security

Sourcegraph Cody Gateway does not retain sensitive data (prompt test and source code included in requests, etc.) from any traffic received. Only rate limit consumption per Sourcegraph Enterprise subscription and some high-level diagnostic data (error codes from upstream, numeric/enum request parameters, etc) are tracked.

The code that powers Cody Gateway is also [source-available](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph$+f:cmd/cody-gateway+lang:go&patternType=lucky&sm=1&groupBy=path) for audit.

> For more details about Cody Gateway security practices, please reach out to your site administrator. You can also refer to the [Cody usage and privacy notice](https://about.sourcegraph.com/terms/cody-notice) for more privacy details about Cody in general.

Reviewer 2: This used to say account manager which I think is more accurate. Our team is the best to answer their questions, not the customers admin IMO :)

Author: So, will it be your Sourcegraph account manager?
